README.md, before:


<p align="center">

<img src="./docs/logo.png" width="250">

</p>

# Homebridge Tuya IR
[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/homebridge-tuya-ir.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/homebridge-tuya-ir)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/prasad-edlabadka/homebridge-tuya-ir)
[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/dt/homebridge-tuya-ir.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/homebridge-tuya-ir)
![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-raw/prasad-edlabadka/homebridge-tuya-ir)
![GitHub pull requests](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr-raw/prasad-edlabadka/homebridge-tuya-ir)

![GitHub contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors-anon/prasad-edlabadka/homebridge-tuya-ir)
![GitHub last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/prasad-edlabadka/homebridge-tuya-ir)


Control your Tuya Smart IR based devices in HomeKit. Also works with Smart Home IR Blaster.

## Supported Devices
* Air Conditioner (Only pre-configured vendor. No DIY devices)
* Fan (Pre-configured and DIY devices)
* All other Pre-configured remotes will be added as switch to turn them on and off only. No other feature. (No DIY devices)

## Installation Instructions

#### Option 1: Install via Homebridge Config UI X:

Search for "Tuya IR" in [homebridge-config-ui-x](https://github.com/oznu/homebridge-config-ui-x) and install `homebridge-tuya-ir`.

#### Option 2: Manually Install:

```
sudo npm install -g homebridge-tuya-ir
```

## Authorization
> Tuya IoT Platform
You need to attach multiple services to your Tuya IOT project.
1. Search for "IR Control Hub Open Service" in Tuya IoT Platform Service
2. Subscribe to the service, authorize the project you are working on.

Repeat the steps for all the highligted services in the following image
<img src="./docs/tuya_iot_platform.png">

## Configuration
> UI

1. Navigate to the Plugins page in [homebridge-config-ui-x](https://github.com/oznu/homebridge-config-ui-x).
2. Click the **Settings** button for the Tuya IR plugin.
3. Add your devices
4. Add device parameters
5. Restart Homebridge for the changes to take effect.

> Manual

1. Edit the config.json file to add your devices and parameters. 
2. Restart Homebridge

## Known Issues

1. Tuya API doesn't always return devices added to Smart IR based on OEM hardware. Thus, you need to add them in your app and then provide IDs in the plugin configuration. This is configuruable in the configuration.

## Contributing

If you have new accessory logic for a new device, please add a function defined by manufacturer, and describe your changes in the readME file.

## Donating

Please donate to a local pet shelter, or food pantry. It's been a wild time, but we can do our part by helping others.

Commit message:

#9 Support for multiple Smart IR devices.

README.md, after:


<p align="center">

<img src="./docs/logo.png" width="250">

</p>

# Homebridge Tuya IR
[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/homebridge-tuya-ir.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/homebridge-tuya-ir)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/prasad-edlabadka/homebridge-tuya-ir)
[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/dt/homebridge-tuya-ir.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/homebridge-tuya-ir)
![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-raw/prasad-edlabadka/homebridge-tuya-ir)
![GitHub pull requests](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr-raw/prasad-edlabadka/homebridge-tuya-ir)

![GitHub contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors-anon/prasad-edlabadka/homebridge-tuya-ir)
![GitHub last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/prasad-edlabadka/homebridge-tuya-ir)


Control your Tuya Smart IR based devices in HomeKit. Also works with Smart Home IR Blaster. You can add multiple Smart IR device to single configuration.

## Supported Devices
* Air Conditioner (Only pre-configured vendor. No DIY devices)
* Fan (Pre-configured and DIY devices)
* All other Pre-configured remotes will be added as switch to turn them on and off only. No other feature. (No DIY devices)

## Installation Instructions

#### Option 1: Install via Homebridge Config UI X:

Search for "Tuya IR" in [homebridge-config-ui-x](https://github.com/oznu/homebridge-config-ui-x) and install `homebridge-tuya-ir`.

#### Option 2: Manually Install:

```
sudo npm install -g homebridge-tuya-ir
```

## Authorization
> Tuya IoT Platform
You need to attach multiple services to your Tuya IOT project.
1. Search for "IR Control Hub Open Service" in Tuya IoT Platform Service
2. Subscribe to the service, authorize the project you are working on.

Repeat the steps for all the highligted services in the following image
<img src="./docs/tuya_iot_platform.png">

## Configuration
> UI

1. Navigate to the Plugins page in [homebridge-config-ui-x](https://github.com/oznu/homebridge-config-ui-x).
2. Click the **Settings** button for the Tuya IR plugin.
3. Add your devices
4. Add device parameters
5. Restart Homebridge for the changes to take effect.

> Manual

1. Edit the config.json file to add your devices and parameters. 
2. Restart Homebridge

## Known Issues

1. Tuya API doesn't always return devices added to Smart IR based on OEM hardware. Thus, you need to add them in your app and then provide IDs in the plugin configuration. This is configuruable in the configuration.

## Contributing

If you have new accessory logic for a new device, please add a function defined by manufacturer, and describe your changes in the readME file.

## Donating

Please donate to a local pet shelter, or food pantry. It's been a wild time, but we can do our part by helping others.
